Noted Like operator is not supported in .NET Core (#10639)
dotnet/docs: docs/visual-basic/language-reference/operators/like-operator.md

---
# Like Operator (Visual Basic)
Compares a string against a pattern.  

> [!IMPORTANT]

> > The `Like` operator is not supported in .NET Core (Microsoft.NET.Sdk) projects.

Reviewer: should we call out .NET Standard too? 

```suggestion
> The `Like` operator is currently not supported in .NET Core and .NET Standard projects.
```
